Update scheduler framework doc to include PreEnqueue (#40647)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/scheduling-framework.md

{{< figure src="/images/docs/scheduling-framework-extensions.png" title="scheduling framework extension points" class="diagram-large">}}

### PreEnqueue {#pre-enqueue}

> These plugins are called prior to adding Pods to the internal active queue, where Pods are marked as

Reviewer: do we have any docs that refer to the internal active queue and unschedulable list? if so, I think it is worth linking here.

Author: yes, we have one here: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-scheduling/scheduler_queues.md. Linked.

ready for scheduling.

> Only when all PreEnqueue plugins return `Success`, the Pod can enter the aforementioned scheduling
> cycle. Otherwise, it's moved and parked in the internal unschedulable Pods pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only when all PreEnqueue plugins return `Success`, the Pod is allowed to into the active queue. Otherwise, it is placed in the internal unschedulable Pods list.
```

Reviewer 2: Also add: Pods that are in the unschedulable Pods list do not get an `Unschedulable` condition.

Author: Updated.

> {{< figure src="/images/docs/scheduling-framework-extensions.png" title="scheduling framework extension points" class="diagram-large">}}

Reviewer 3: (nit)
```suggestion
{{< figure src="/images/docs/scheduling-framework-extensions.png" title="Scheduling framework extension points" class="diagram-large">}}
```

### PreEnqueue {#pre-enqueue}

These plugins are called prior to adding Pods to the internal active queue, where Pods are marked as
ready for scheduling.

Only when all PreEnqueue plugins return `Success`, the Pod is allowed to enter the active queue.
Otherwise, it's placed in the internal unschedulable Pods list.

> {{< note >}}
> 
> More details about how internal scheduler queues work, please check this
> [document](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-scheduling/scheduler_queues.md).
> 
> {{< /note >}}
> 
> > Check more details

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more details about how internal scheduler queues work, read
[Scheduling queue in kube-scheduler](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/f03b6d5692bd979f07dd472e7b6836b2dad0fd9b/contributors/devel/sig-scheduling/scheduler_queues.md).
```
I used a commit hash for permanence. If that linked document changes, we should update the hyperlink.

Aside: we could move that document to the reference docs or to https://k8s.dev/

Author: Updated.
